Replaced ERC20 SVM with ABI SVM documentation (#216)
bcnmy/docs: docs/tutorials/sessionkeys/sessionvalidationmodule.md

            callValue := calldataload(add(callData.offset, 0x24))

            //we get the data offset from the calldata itself, so no assumptions are made about the data layout
            let dataOffset := add(
                add(callData.offset, 0x04),
                //offset of the bytes arg is stored after selector and two first 32-byte args
                // 0x4+0x20+0x20=0x44
                calldataload(add(callData.offset, 0x44))
            )

            let length := calldataload(dataOffset)
            //data itself starts after the length which is another 32bytes word, so we add 0x20
            data.offset := add(dataOffset, 0x20)
            data.length := length
        }

        return
            _validateSessionParams(
                address(destContract),
                callValue,
                data,
                _sessionKeyData
            ) ==
            ECDSA.recover(
                ECDSA.toEthSignedMessageHash(_userOpHash),
                _sessionKeySignature
            );
    }
```

**Execution Steps:**

1. **Match Function Selectors:** 

> This step ensures that the user operation corresponds to specific function selectors, indicating the type of operation being performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step ensures that the calldata of a given user operation calls the function with the allowed selectors only.
```

        uint256 rulesListLength = uint256(
            uint16(bytes2(_sessionKeyData[60:62]))
        );

        if (destinationContract != permittedDestinationContract) {
            revert("ABISV Destination Forbidden");
        }

        if (bytes4(_funcCallData[0:4]) != permittedSelector) {
            revert("ABISV Selector Forbidden");
        }

        if (callValue > permittedValueLimit) {
            revert("ABISV Permitted Value Exceeded");
        }

        // avoided explicit check that (_sessionKeyData.length - 62) is the multiple of RULE_LENGTH
        // also avoided calculating the rules list length from the rules list itself
        // both to save on gas
        // there is a test case that demonstrates that if the incorrect rules list length is provided
        // the validation will fail
        if (
            !_checkRulesForPermission(
                _funcCallData,
                rulesListLength,
                bytes(_sessionKeyData[62:]) //the rest of the _sessionKeyData is the rules list
            )
        ) {
            revert("ABISV Arg Rule Violated");
        }

        return sessionKey;
    }
```

**Operational Flow:**

> The method internally calls **_validateSessionParams** to perform the validation against the session key permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method internally calls **_validateSessionParams** to perform the validation against the session permissions.
```

It passes the necessary parameters to **_validateSessionParams**  and returns the result.

> **_validateSessionParams** validates the parameters of the call against the permissions defined by the session key.

Reviewer: defined *for* the session key. not by it.

**Execution flow in **_validateSessionParams****

> - Extracts essential details from _sessionKeyData, such as session key, permitted destination contract, selector, value limit, and rules list length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extracts essential details from _sessionKeyData, such as session key address, permitted destination contract, permitted method selector, value limit, and rules list length.
```

> - Checks if the destinationContract matches the permitted destination contract, if the function selector in _funcCallData matches the permitted selector, and if the callValue exceeds the permitted value limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks if the destinationContract matches the permitted destination contract, if the function selector in _funcCallData matches the permitted selector, and if the callValue does not exceed the permitted value limit.
```

- Calls **_checkRulesForPermission** to verify if the call data complies with the permission rules.

**Execution flow in **_checkRulesForPermission****

> - Iterates through the rules list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Iterates through the list of rules.
```

> - Parses each rule to determine the offset, condition, and value.

Reviewer: Should we provide more information about `offset`, `condition` and `value`?

Author: ### Yes. Let me write a bit more about them and I'll ask you to have a look at it again.

> - Verifies if the call data satisfies each rule condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verifies if the call data arguments satisfy conditions defined by the rules.
```

So, when dApp is creating a `_sessionKeyData` to enable a session, it should convert every shorter static arg to a 32bytes word to match how it will be actually ABI encoded in the `userOp.callData`.

For the dynamic args, like `bytes`, every 32bytes word of the `calldata` such as offset of the bytes arg, length of the bytes arg, and n-th 32bytes word of the bytes arg can be controlled by a dedicated Rule.

# Offset 
The offset in the ABI SVM contract helps locate the relevant data within the function call data, it serves as a reference point from which to start reading or extracting specific information required for validation.
When processing function call data, particularly in low-level languages like Solidity assembly, it's necessary to locate where specific parameters or arguments are stored.
The offset is used to calculate the starting position within the calldata where the desired data resides.
Suppose we have a function call with multiple arguments passed as calldata. Each argument occupies a certain number of bytes, and the offset helps determine where each argument begins within the calldata.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding a simple example. Like take the method `transfer(address to, uint256 value)` and show what would be offsets for both values

# Condition
The condition is used to determine how we are checking the actual reference value, the condition can be of many types:
 * 0: EQUAL
 * 1: LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL
 * 2: LESS_THAN
 * 3: GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL
 * 4: GREATER_THAN
 * 5: NOT_EQUAL
In our example the condition is 0, this means we check that the receiver of the NFT is EQUAL to what we set it to be.

# Value

> This the the value that we are checking the condition for and that we are getting from the calldata using the offset.

Reviewer: Seems not straightforward enough even for me :) 
I suggest:
`This is the reference value. The actual arg value is decoded from the userOp.callData using the Offset. Then it is compared to the reference value using the Condition.`
